9:00 a.m. in Shanghai Shenzhen and here
in Hong Kong you're watching the China
show. I'm Ivon Man with Annabelle
Jewelers. We're counting down to the
open of markets in greater China and our
top stories this morning. Well, US House
lawmakers set to vote on stop [music]
gap funding to end the recordbreaking
government shutdown. President Trump
expected to sign that measure into law
once it passes. But trading in Asia
remains cautious after the White House
warns [music] that key inflation and
jobs data for October may never may not
be released, leaving the Fed quote
flying blind. Also ahead, oil prices
dropping as OPEC flags a surplus in
global markets. That's due to its own
production hikes coupled with the
growing output from the [music] US.
>> And China's biggest company, Tencent
said to report earnings with its AI
investments and gaming ventures under
[music] scrutiny. JD.com and SMIC also
releasing their results today.
Well, a quick look at the market action
and certainly there's a lot of eyes that
are on the US House this [music] morning
because we may be moments away now from
a vote happening on a spending package
to end the government shutdown. This has
been a record 43day shutdown period.
You've had 650,000 government employees
furled, but already we've got these
indications. They're being told you get
back into the office for Thursday. But
yes, that sort of sets the stage for us
as we come into the session today
because President Trump, he is expected
to send or sign that that spending bill
once it passes. He's already indicated
he will do. We just had an alert
crossing the terminal that he does plan
to sign that bill to end the shutdown at
9:45 Eastern time. So that's 10:45 for
us here in Hong Kong this morning. But
in terms of what we're seeing in market
action today, it's it's very much subdue
trading, you can say. And that was the
tone that we had on Wall Street
overnight. What's happened during this
shutdown period is you've also got real
gaps that are transpiring now in the
government data. So yes, we could get
the September jobs figures. We may never
get those figures for October. So it
certainly complicates the picture for
the Fed who's trying to assess not just
the the inflation outlook but also the
jobs market. Are we seeing those real
trends of weakening in the labor market
taking place? So that again was sort of
the the major overarching theme for
equities in the session in Asia today.
There's a couple of different themes
we're tracking in addition to that. Uh
firstly, in Japan this morning, keeping
a very close watch on what's happening
with the Japanese yen. We just breached
that 155 level overnight. Uh we are
getting more signs of intervention. A
few comments coming across from the
Japanese finance minister in Korea as
well. Uh we do have the Cosby just
coming online this morning to the
downside here. But just to note, it is a
1h hour delay because there is the
college entrance exam taking place. I
can see that red head there as well. Uh
the US House now voting on this bill to
end the government shutdown.
>> Yeah, it looks like that's happening
right now. Let's get to your live
pictures out of course uh in the US and
DC and certainly uh as we mentioned,
President Trump plans to sign uh that
bill at 9:45 Eastern time in in the
evening. So certainly that's one to
watch. There you go. Uh you are seeing
right now in terms of the votes being
tallied uh nay in terms of Democrats is
about 85 right now. Republicans are
about 80 in terms of yay uh right now.
So, we'll get to the latest once we get
those votes. Certainly, this does lead
to, you know, rebooting the government
and the process that's that could be
underway. That does take days, if not
even weeks. It's a great story that we
talked about here when it comes to how
quickly they can actually come to
putting people back at work. Uh, when it
comes to the airline disruptions and the
like. Um certainly that's going to take
a while and on the back of of course the
data uh that releases and the White
House saying look yeah we might not
actually get some of the key data that
the Fed has been watching and waiting
for as well. For more of course on this
US House vote let's get to our senior
editor Derek Walbeck. He's watching all
the developments there. Derek uh give us
the latest here how you know is this
going to be a pretty much sure bet that
this is going to go through.
>> Well a test vote uh just an hour or so
ago went through with little problem.
Um, Donald Trump is expected to sign
this measure uh at 9:45 p.m. US Eastern
time. That would end the longest
government shutdown in US history. Uh,
as you quite rightly mentioned, these
things don't just necessarily snap back.
It could take a week or so for all
flights to be coming back to normal, for
people to get all of their food aid, you
know, people who are on uh food stamps
and and things like that. This could
take a while. Uh we're still waiting for
details, for example, of when uh some of
these economic indicators that we have
not seen during the shut shutdown, when
they may come, if they may come, because
some of them uh just may not be in a
condition to release, the White House
previously said. So, not expecting any
drama during this vote. You never know
until it's done, but not expecting any
drama in this vote. As I say, a test
vote on this, a a procedural vote did
already go through within the last hour
or so, uh, by a narrow margin, but it
went through. Um, and so all signs are
that this is coming to an end
imminently.
>> Let's talk about some divisions and
areas that maybe the Democrats can
exploit. We've just been hearing here
that Speaker Johnson is saying he will
bring the Epstein files vote to a House
floor to the House floor next week. How
is that likely to complicate, I guess,
the the picture and and and the
assessment of what the Trump
administration is doing?
>> Well, it's certainly uh something that
the Trump administration had tried to
not get going. Um that is going to be a
very difficult vote for a lot of
Republicans uh to take. There are some
thoughts that there could be a fair
number of defections among Republicans
actually going for and supporting that
vote. But look, when Adelita uh Graalva
was sworn in uh after quite a long time
uh when the House came back, she was
that clinching vote 218. Mike Johnson
making it very clear in a conversation
with our Eric Wson. Uh that uh that he
was going to put this up next week.
That's before the Thanksgiving holiday.
Uh he said it's going to just sort of be
a straight vote on the measure, not some
sort of gimmick uh kind of situation. uh
and give people a chance to vote. The
idea is there uh as I read it, sort of
rip the band-aid off and sort of deal
with that and then go on the
Thanksgiving holiday and go from there.
But look, um the revelations in this
have have been something that have been
kind of a drip drip drip drip uh for
this White House. It's been a very
sensitive subject for this White House.
Um and and certainly this is going to be
a bit of a difficult uh vote.
Derek, thank you. Derek Wallbank there,
our senior editor that's watching all
that that's happening there in DC. And
certainly, we'll we'll circle back to
that once we do get the official uh
votes there. Let's talk about what this
means for markets and bring in Mark
Richards, head of dynamic multi-asset at
BMP Paraba Asset Management. Mark, it's
good to have you here in our studios. I
mean, you know, markets are bracing for
the reopening of the US government, but
we're we're missing some key data and we
might not even get some key data. um how
should really investors look at this
right now because the private data has
not been very comforting.
>> Sure. Um it will certainly be a relief
to have those numbers back in in our
field of vision. I think compared to
maybe several years ago when we didn't
have that kind of breadth of alternative
data. Uh it's not as been as worrying in
terms of trying to dissect what the the
outlook is for the labor market in the
US. Um using some of your own data in
terms of transcript searches of company
reporting to be able to kind of glean a
little bit more color. um so use of that
alternative data. But the big picture is
for us is the labor market is weakening.
So the question is always are there
nonlinearities between a slowdown and
then that kind of sudden drop. We're not
really seeing that. There's been pockets
of worrying data like the the challenger
job cuts that we had last week.
>> But then we look across the breadth of
company reporting. We're not seeing that
nonlinearity. But it is clearly a a
relief to have some of those numbers
back in our field of vision.
>> So then how are you assessing the
outlook then? You're saying is it just
going to be sort of general weakening
trend? Is that what you're anticipating
then?
>> Yes, definitely. I think we we've had
now for probably two or three years
excluding kind of healthcare, government
employment, really no job growth. You
know, we look at the the the large cap
US companies, no real job growth. We
had, I think, Walmart report a couple of
weeks ago saying even though we see
reasonable revenue growth in the next
two or three years, we're probably not
going to hire anyone. And I think that's
just a structural issue we have to deal
with now with you know AI coming through
we see more signs of difficulty
recruiting
uh grads you know unemployment rate for
grads is quite high relative to the rest
of the market. So there's that kind of
structural
>> softening of the labor market uh which
then when you think about the Fed's
reaction function we do think while
there's a dual mandate and a balance of
risks around inflation and full
employment they will always lean on the
latter of those two. So I think it is
still kind of an easing bias into next
year.
>> Does that give at least an anchor to
risk assets as we countd down to 2026?
Now
>> yeah I think so from one dimension we
always think about a combination of
fundamentals that policy lever and where
sentiment and risk appetite is. Uh and I
think really a feature of the past
several years has been less of a clear
um line of sight from a pure macro to
risk assets. We know about index
concentration. It's probably just as
important to think about what those
individual companies are doing and how
they're performing.
>> You mentioned the the the increasing AI,
but I think it's also that automation
story that we also have to think about
as well. How are you thinking about the
pace of of of technological change and
and what it means for you as well?
>> Well, it's rapid, isn't it? I mean, for
us the
>> It seems rapid. I just wonder sometimes
at sort of the factory floor level, is
it so rapid? It's still a big adjustment
to make. Yeah, I think for for companies
choosing whether to hire or fire uh is
probably a softening on the hiring and
that's where we see you know the the
hiring intentions just aren't really
coming through. They're happy to have a
a more productive workforce and just
hold hiring quite constant. Um in terms
of the the rapidity, I guess it's um two
real big structural things that we have
going on. We have a an AI what I'm
calling an arms race. Yeah. Yeah.
>> And then we have kind of the
geopolitical tension and clear there's
some overlap on those two topics but
it's really that kind of accelerating
pace of AI adoption that we have to look
for.
>> So in terms of multiassets I mean what
what what are we likely to see
outperform uh for over this year. I mean
it seems like everything has been doing
quite well stocks bonds metals the like.
>> Yeah I mean there's always a temptation
at this time of year to think okay we
have a changing calendar year thought
therefore we should change our whole
strategy. Um the main positions for us
is still around what is the kind of the
second concentric circle around the AI
theme and thinking about supply chains
thinking about you know Korea has been a
good position for us for the last 6
months we're sticking with AI related
thematics that also speaks to kind of
things like nuclear things like utility
sector both US and Europe
>> but it's really watching for that
sentiment angle when does the euphoria
start to kick in
>> and then kind moderate positions rather
than saying you know valuations have
become too full therefore we take
profits just looking at sentiment and
positioning
>> yeah and thinking about sentiment
positioning and also sort of the the
general runup or hot topics or themes
for this year it's been gold of course
as well are you sticking with that view
for next year
>> yeah I mean we we've had it in
portfolios for a good kind of two three
years as being really a play on concerns
about fiscal deficits and government
debt as being a role in multi asset
portfolios I concerns about the role of
government bonds has probably reached
kind of quite euphoric areas.
>> Okay.
>> Similarly on gold, we've seen the
narrative around gold become quite
euphoric as well. So maybe switching a
little bit out of gold back to
traditional safe haven fixed income. And
we've been looking at uh inflation
protected securities in the US to just
kind of hedge against maybe inflation
being structurally higher but have some
kind of play on that angle around Fed
being a bit more focused on that labor
market part of their mandate.
>> The dollar seems to be coming back in
some ways. This whole carry trade if
against the yen against the Swiss Frank
I mean you're seeing it across even the
one in the last week as well. I mean how
sustainable do you think the strength
that we're seeing in the green back is
going to be now?
>> Um not hugely sustainable. I think if we
go back three or four months what was
the most consensus position cross asset
it was to be bearish the dollar.
>> Yeah.
>> And then you just seen kind of a
stabilization making slightly higher
highs a bit of a change in trend. But I
think those those fundamental concerns
that people have around twin deficits uh
institutional credibility still kick
back. I think we've got um maybe a
change in the dynamic in terms of what
we saw in Q1, Q2 where people questioned
US exceptionalism. I still think there's
a place for US assets in people's
portfolios. It's not that flood of
taking assets away that we kind of
people were concerned about. Uh so kind
of rangebound, we're really looking for
pockets of of FX trade. So we like
things like the Brazilian Royale in
terms of commodity exposure. I saw we
had pretty good labor market data on
Australia this morning. Still like the
Australian dollar. Um, so yeah, those
are kind of two positions for us.
>> Maybe some room for diversification,
which we're going to talk to you about
in the next block. So stay with us,
Mark. Uh, that's Mark Riches, their head
of dynamic multiasset at BMP Parabar
Asset Management. And coming up, we're
also going to be talking a look at
taking a look rather at the oil market,
speaking [music] with Vander Insights
about their outlook for crude. That's as
prices posed their biggest drop since
June on signs of a surplus in the global
market. Of course, I'm waiting for the
results of that ongoing vote to send a
stop gap funding measure to the White
House for President Trump's signature.
[music] We're watching that as a
countdown, of course, uh to the open of
markets in Greater China. You're
watching the China Show.
[music]
All right, we're [music] taking a look
at uh live pictures there right now. Of
course, uh we should be just moments
away from this House vote uh to be the
tallied here right now. Right now we're
seeing around 203 y from the
Republicans, 201 from uh the Democratic
side of things as well. So uh the time
is up as you can see there. Uh certainly
we'll see uh what the market reaction is
so far. US futures have also erased
those early losses. You see NASDAQ 100
contracts are also perking up here on
the anticipation that the government is
going to reopen maybe soon, right? And
maybe we'll see when it comes to data
being released. Uh this whole kind of
information vacuum that we've been
dealing with for weeks now finally
coming to an end possibly.
>> Yeah, we were saying it certainly does
complicate the outlook for the Fed and
President Trump at least has indicated
he's ready to sign this bill just within
the next hour. So let's get back now to
our guest though. Mark Richards, head of
dynamic multiasset a BMP power asset
management still with us and Mark just
as we went to adbreak there we were
talking about this diversification theme
and that's certainly the way that you're
thinking about China as well. Yeah,
sure. I think when we look at kind of
traditional benchmarks, you know, within
multiassets, we're thinking about where
are we taking active risk relative to a
global A or an MSCI AQUI. And I think
China's an interesting kind of case
study over the past 2 three years. It
wasn't that long ago that you know what
was the most bipartisan topic in the US
was to be anti-China. We had a lot of
the big pension funds pulling away from
China. whenever you hear the phrase
that's uninvestable, you know, that's
kind of a a trigger point for us. And
then we saw a tipping point in terms of
Chinese domestic policy at the end of
last year. So we've been allocating to
China in various guises for about 12
months now. So that's both uh onshore
offshore and also China tech and back to
our kind of earlier point about
diversifying away from the kind of core
of the AI thematic. Think about China
tech as being a good foil and
counterweight to to those positions. Is
it most appear a valuation play that you
see why that China tech is possibly
something that could be a diversifier? I
mean what what else do you look at in
terms of the AI sort of development in
China versus other parts of the world?
>> Yeah, it's really that policy lever. So
we think about Chinese policy around
kind of three fronts. There's kind of
always that debate around are they going
to really boost domestic consumption?
>> Then there's clearly the international
policy and the trade lever. Then there's
kind of the strategically important
sectors and it's replaying on that third
one where we think both from a cyclical
policy turning point and in a structural
multi-year perspective be allocated to
that is is is a good position for us
that be that's quite an overweight
position relative to those traditional
benchmarks. It's also something that we
don't feel that many people uh in Europe
and the US really allocated to. So it's
a mispositioning rather than an outright
valuation call.
>> On that valuation though, another market
that at least stands out for us in Asia
but maybe less so in Europe is Korea
because it's of course an big AI
beneficiary and valuations still look
cheap even though you've seen a big run
up in names like SKH Highix or Samsung.
What's the appetite as well where you
are?
>> Uh it's something that isn't mentioned a
huge amount. um maybe increasingly in
the last few weeks because we saw that
comment from the the Korean stock
exchange around excessive price moves I
think grabbed people's attention but
when we look at kind of bottom-up
fundamentals
we see the best analysts on each stock
particularly in Korea being quite far
above the simple consensus. So we're
thinking about where can we get positive
surprises in the next couple of quarters
of reporting and there still you know
those two companies specifically and
then the broader market as well. We also
have the tailwind of corporate reform
which boosts reratings as well.
>> All right, hold on a second. Mark, uh we
are getting here a little bit more
updates on what's going on. That house
vote uh what we're seeing right now is
that they have enough votes to pass the
bill to reopen the government. So this
was pretty much expected given what we
saw in the procedural vote that happened
just a few hours before that. So, it
seems like this is going to go ahead and
of course the next step is uh this bill
is going to be landing into President
Trump's desk. He already said they plan
on signing it in just about an hour or
so. So, certainly that's where we're
headed here. One closer step to of
course this ending the shutdown.
>> Yeah. And Democrats certainly making
some some concessions as well in terms
of of their planned or their request
around healthcare subsidies being
extended. So, yes, we will continue to
to monitor this as we said. the House
now having enough votes to pass that
bill to reopen the government what has
been a record 43 shutdown or 43 day
shutdown rather in the US. But let's get
back as well because you mentioned
earlier those geopolitical uncertainties
and I'm I'm I'm interested in your views
on that defense tech theme. Of course,
it's been a huge theme in European
stocks this year. Is that going to stay
intact, do you think, into next year or
what's your view on sort of the
cyclicality of it?
>> Yeah, it's a good question. I think
there's you know in terms of broad
geopolitics I think there is has been a
structural shift in the past uh 3 four
years that keeps that bid towards
defense spending. There is a concern
that let's say there's a better outcome
in the Ukraine conflict that maybe the
the near-term appetite to really ramp up
spending at a time when maybe other uh
uses of government spending are more in
demand. thinking about inequality,
social unrest in most economies, the
rise of populism as a broad thematic,
there's going to be that kind of
competition for government spending. So,
I think in the very, you know, one-year
time horizon, maybe had a little bit of
softening because there's a structural
change that's going to persist for many,
many years.
>> Right, Mark, thanks very much for
joining us this morning. That was Mark
Richards there, head of dynamic
multiasset at BMP Parabar Asset
Management. And just as we've been
talking now, uh we do have the the the
headline crossing that the house has
passed the bill to end the longest ever
government shutdown. This is 43 days in
length. Uh 650,000 government employees
that have been furled. Whichever way you
look at it, I mean it's certainly a
large government waste essentially. But
we are already hearing reports as well
that many employees, government
employees are being told to be prepared
to come back into the office on
Thursday.
>> All right. So it looks like things are
going to reopen there. As we talked
about, it's not going to take days and
sometimes even weeks on some, you know,
really rebooting this government once
again, right? Whether it's disruptive
flights across the country, delayed
food, as as Belle mentioned, of course,
the key data that investors uh are are
really anticipating here. Maybe
September, some people say that could be
where we see some of these key releases.
October, that might be the tough one,
according to, you know, the White House
overnight saying that we they may never
even get that sort of data released as
well. So there might still be some
uncertainty when it comes to the data
side of things. [music] We got plenty
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
Taking you back to live pictures here in
Washington this morning. [music] We do
have the house that's just passed the
bill or a bill to end the longest ever
government shutdown. [music] In terms of
the market reaction to this, you have
seen the S&P 500 futures just reversing
some earlier losses. There's certainly
economic implications at least from this
because this fight which is is dragged
on essentially for 6 weeks between
President Trump and congressional
Democrats has has disrupted flights
across the company. It's delayed food
aids for millions and more. But
essentially uh what what the projections
are from the Congressional Budget Office
is that this closure of this length is
going to lower real GDP growth in the
current quarter by 1.5 percentage
points. Uh Hong Kong pre-market session
as well just getting underway.
>> Yep. And there's lots to talk about here
whether it's tech earnings and the like
to look ahead to. 10 cents certainly is
going to be a key focus here as well. Uh
but yes, it's going to be obviously a
focus on games [music] that could boost
earnings for 10-centent. JD.com a rare
sell rating uh when it comes to Morgan
[music] Stanley. We'll flesh that out
for you as well, but they basically said
winter is coming when it comes to this
[music] company here when it comes to
the e-commerce side of things. The open
is next
[music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show this morning and we're counting
down to the open of markets. We are just
a few moments away and futures are
indicating that we're going to see a
[music] few declines. Really though, it
was a subdued session on Wall Street
overnight. Concerns for instance around
a lack of of economic data for instance,
what does that mean for guiding
decisions for the Fed? But also in
China, we've got earnings in the thick
of earnings. We've got 10 cent. You got
JD coming up. Tencent music actually
overnight. One of the big drags on the
golden dragon index even though you
actually had better earnings but some
analysts were worried rather about the
investment [music] outlook.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Well, we'll continue to
watch right how AI is being deployed.
How is it going to be beneficial when
[music] it comes to of course the
earning side of things as well but yes
when it comes to uh all the tech names
that's certainly going to be the key
focus is earnings earnings earnings in
the next 24 hours. So, uh, yes. So, we
we are on course for the US government
to actually reopen. Of course, we talked
about that bill heading to President
Trump's desk now as we speak
potentially, uh, and he's expected to
sign it in about an hour or so. That's
what they've been saying there as well.
So, we'll we'll give you the latest
once, of course, that becomes official,
but it's pretty clear uh that things are
going to start opening. So, take a look
at that. I mean, that at least clears up
one uncertainty in this uh whole kind of
saga, but certainly when it comes to
markets, uh that that data vacuum that
we've been dealing with might still
happen for the next few days as well,
right? So, that certainly is one thing
that we have to contend with. In terms
of the open, we're pretty much flat and
and moderately, I guess, not going
anywhere when you talk about one of the
onore markets here this morning. Keep in
mind, crude though, look at Shanghai
crude. We're following what we saw with
Brent and WTI there. We're dropping
about 4% uh in of course some of these
futures on the back of what we saw OPEC
really flipping when it came to that
market view uh from a deficit to a
surplus now and really a lot of
lingering questions on what this means
uh for oil markets as well. Uh we're
watching very closely CL there you go
slightly down there. Capricorn tech is
down about 2% here this morning. Uh keep
in mind SMIC some of the local chip
makers are going to be reporting results
as well after we had some disappointing
ones relatively speaking when it comes
to Hong Kong semi last week. Here's our
Hong Kong dashboard. Right now, we're
down about a third of 1% on the Hang
Sang. We're so teetering around that
26,000 27,000 level there. HS Tech is
down some 1% at the get-go. So, uh it's
not doing too well in terms of Alibaba.
We're down Xiaomi, Xpong, which has been
quite volatile, actually looking
relatively speaking. Okay. Uh but yes,
it seems like Alibaba, we're down some
2% here right now. So, certainly that's
one key focus here. Uh let's take a look
at how these individual tech names that
were waiting for results, right? So
Tencent, JD, SMIC, and Billy Billy all
reporting later on today. Tencent's down
1%. Uh JD.com is going to be quite
interesting, right? This this call from
Morgan Stanley. A rare sell rating. Uh
and they basically say JD is the worst
position Chinese e-commerce stock in the
next 12 months as you start to see these
consumer goods tradein program fade. So
you know, they say winter is coming when
it comes to JD.com. of course when their
earnings come out the key thing is
rather to look at those kind of food
delivery losses there and how much is
going to weigh on the company. So that's
one thing to watch. JD.com down close to
3% right now. Oil stocks of course given
the drop in crude. Here's how they're
doing right now in China. There you go.
2% losses for Petro China though.
>> Yep. All right. Let's uh take a look as
well at one stock in in focus and you
mentioned 10-centent. Of course, it's
it's such a fascinating move that we're
seeing in 10 cent, the company, because
yes, you're under pressure today, but
actually investors have been piling into
shares because it's seen as a safer bet
amid fears of an AI bubble and optimism
over its online gaze business. The
company, as we said, it's expected to
report later today that positive profit
growth is very much the anticipation.
So, let's get more with our Asia stocks
reporter Genie Yu joining us this
morning. So, Genie, I mean, we just sort
of shared that headline level, but but
just dig into the details. What are we
expecting later today? Yeah, as you just
mentioned when we talk to investors that
do see tensen as a safer bet um when you
read Goldman Sachs report they actually
have a calculation in order like they
calculated the China tech profits
combined they're going to see a second
consecutive product profit decline for
the whole sector but Tencent is the only
exception it is the only company among
the China mega caps in the tech sector
that's going to report positive profit
growth which is really impressive and
especially after such a big um round boo
round for all these AI names, you know,
um investors you this season is be is
going to be a season where investors
going to, you know, um gauge whether
they're going to hold on to the rally or
or they keep chasing or they're actually
kind of do some kind of like um profit
taking um on those names. I think
Tencent in that sense is kind of like a
defensive names for them. You know,
giving all their like they're still able
to deliver profit growth when it
competitors like Alibaba, they're
they're they're kind of like they have
to fight with Mtoan with JD.com in all
the food delivery and quick e-commerce
battle which is really hurt their
margin. Um but Protensson on the other
hand they're they're having a very
stables um stable revenue growth you
know on the back of um games which has a
very you know relatively higher entry
barrier is less likely to see price wars
um so that is really guaranteed and I
think that's going to assure investors
investors about the company's outlook.
>> Yeah that's a good good point. U in
terms of valuations how are investors
viewing 10 cents valuation now after
what the stock's been up 50%. Yeah, more
than 50% year to date in Hong Kong. But
if you look at these major competitor
like Sony in Japan, Nintendo in Japan,
you know, all those, you know, big
names, you know, listing in Japan, US,
they're all trading at much much higher
multiple than Tensen. And at 20 times is
only like about like five year average.
So it's it's it's a company when we talk
to a Morning Star analyst, he said it's
it's a company that hasn't yet pricing
any AI potential trading at 10 20%. So
if you baked in all the AI related stuff
um as they're doing you know they're
trying to integrate all the AI technique
with all their business lines from
gaming to advertising. So if you you you
kind of like trying to reflect that in
those share price you know it's far from
you know it's the rally is far from over
>> right Jeannie thank you Jenny you there
our Asia stocks reporter on what to
expect out of 10 cent looks like they
could be doing okay right and probably
better than the rest given the fact
>> say when she mentioned about the the
competition in the food delivery wars I
mean you're probably glad you're not an
Alibaba or a mate one or a JD when it
comes to this competition
>> winter is coming according to right um
shivering Uh let's talk about JD.com,
right? Also scheduled to report the
third quarter results today. Analysts
will be monitoring losses from its food
delivery business. Let's bring in our
China correspondent Min Low on what
analysts are expecting.
>> Yeah, as you said, a lot of focus is
going to be just how much losses they're
making in its foray into the food
delivery business, right? That really
kickstarted this uh this uh price war
between all the different uh food
delivery platforms. Uh the good news is
its revenue growth expected to come in
at 13% which is pretty robust. It shows
you that their new investments are
generating new transactions. But they
have been, you know, increasing their
expenditure tremendously, right?
Overseas hiring, building out their
overseas uh supply chain, logistics as
well with their launch of their new EU
platform, Joy Buy. Uh and you can see
here the net income, net profit expected
to come in at 4.1 billion UN in the
third quarter, which is far below what
it was a year ago. 12 billion UN, that's
three times less. Uh and so that's why
you have uh the likes of Morgan Stadley
saying winter is coming for this
company. They were saying that the new
investments are expected to be a major
drag for their cash flows, depleting
their cash reserves for the next 3 to 5
years. And you add to that next year, we
don't know yet if the government is
going to continue extending that
consumer upgrading subsidy. And this is
a company that has very high
concentration risk. Among all the
e-commerce platforms, they are the most
concentrated in selling uh consumer
appliances. So that's why they are not
the best position right now.
>> Let's uh shift and talk about e-commerce
platforms outside of China because we've
got this reporting now that the Chinese
tax authorities are sequesting or
requesting data from from companies like
Amazon. What what are the implications
of that and why are they doing it? Yeah.
So this is from what we understand from
sources, the Chinese government is not
accusing any of these e-commerce
platforms of any wrongdoing just yet.
But they are requesting uh the
e-commerce players ranging from Amazon
to the domestic ones like Alibaba,
Shintimu as well to hand over data,
thirdarter revenue data of selected
online retailers because they suspect
that some of these online merchants are
under reportporting their overseas
sales. And if the data doesn't check out
then you know if the if the retailers
actually have to amend the data to match
what the platforms are reporting they
might be subjected to back pay taxes up
to 13% in VAT value added tax because
this applies to any company with uh an
annual sales above 5 billion yen and
think about 13% that is enough to
actually kill wipe out all their margins
and put all these companies to you know
fight for their survival especially
after they already experienced the blow
from the US with the removal of the
dimminimous uh rule. Uh and now the EU
as well is looking at implementing a
similar uh rule, right? Removing the
tariff exemptions for small parcels
below €150. It was slated to come in in
2028, but France is now pushing for this
to be implemented earlier next year. So
again, a big blow blow for many of these
small retailers.
>> Okay. Um tell us a bit more about just
how prevalent this sort of tax dodging
is though. It's it's a bit of a gray
area, but it can be quite common for
Chinese retailers to open up many
different branches across different
cities in China to draw traffic because
a company like Amazon, for example, they
might only uh allow one store to be
opened up on the Amazon platform for one
registered entity. So, if you're selling
hats, for example, you might open many
different stores across different
Chinese cities. And what they do is they
take advantage of the tax differences
between Hong Kong and China because in
Hong Kong it can be as low as 16%, in
China is about 25%. So then you might
just report your sales data from one
Chinese company to the tax authorities
and you pay the Chinese taxes on that
store. And then you structure the rest
of the companies to be under a Hong Kong
company ownership. So you root all those
goods from these Chinese companies to
the other Hong Kong companies and you
pay Hong Kong taxes for these profits
that have booked to the Hong Kong
companies. So it's it's a complex
undertaking. But if the government is
able to track the discrepancy in the tax
reporting then it's going to be a major
issue for many of these small retailers.
>> Yeah. and and a major issue too cuz one
of the statistics I really loved in our
reporting is that Chinese sellers now
make up just over half of the global
active seller base on Amazon. So it's
obviously a sizable problem to be
dealing with as well.
>> And actually it also shows you that
maybe the Chinese government is worried
about their tax revenue as well because
it's going down in the first half of the
year and that's overshadowing their
desire to help these exporters take
through through the tariff risks.
>> Yeah, Min. All right, that was great.
That was our China correspondent Min Low
there. And coming up, we'll talk with
Vander Insights. This is about their
outlook for oil. Uh prices are posted
their biggest drop since June, and
that's on signs of a surplus in the
global market. We'll have that ahead.
And this is Bloomberg.
Oil prices in 2026 are [music] likely to
feel more pressure than LG prices.
There's a lot of oil supply that's
coming back from the OPEC plus countries
that had been [music] holding supply
back.
>> That was the Chevron CEO Mike Worth
there speaking with Bloomberg earlier
and his expectation that that oil prices
will remain more under pressure than LNG
uh into 2026. But let's also take a look
at what's happening with Brent crude
over a 2-day period here because we have
seen that quite significant drop in
prices and that's as OPEC as well
flipped its estimate for global oil
markets in the third quarter from a
deficit to a surplus and that's after
the US production exceeded expectations.
So let's get more on the outlook. Now
now joining us from Singapore is Vanana
Hari a founder of Vander Insight. So
Vand Vandana, we've been hearing this
all year essentially these concerns
around a supply gut building. What do
you make of of these latest readings?
>> Good morning. And indeed the jury is
still out on that I will say uh which is
why you're seeing the sort of seessaw in
the market uh between
concerns over Russian disruption uh in
the wake of the latest round of EU
sanctions last month and the ongoing
narrative indeed as you point out that
there's ample supply. So look going into
the fourth quarter of the year and then
looking out into the first quarter of
next year these are seasonally low
demand periods uh traditionally. So
there is and and and on on top of that
you have had of course uh OPEC G8 the
group of eight members increasing
production by quite a bit uh over the Q
third quarter of this year and then uh
continuing to do so at at a low slower
pace uh through the fourth quarter. So
all of that combined does point to uh an
slightly overs supplied market. I think
the question here uh which is still
undecided is what is the extent of over
supply. Um so on the extreme we are
seeing um three estimates of 3 to four
million barrels per day of over supply
which would be quite significant uh just
compared to the historical norm that I
was talking about earlier. uh and some
are saying that it's more a sort of
seasonal lows that we see which is about
a seasonal uh surplus that we see which
is closer to about a million barrels per
day. So that's sort of leaving the
market in a in a very tough position and
of course on the other hand the u it's
become quite hard to u estimate the
extent of Russia supply disruption in
the wake of the latest sanctions.
>> Yeah, I was going to ask you about that.
Um what sort of disruptions are we
seeing so far? We've heard some inklings
from from India, from China possibly of
reducing their reliance when it comes to
Russian crude. How disruptive has it
been?
>> Yeah, so those are the most uh important
signals for the market. Uh Indian
refiners have paired back um or cut back
one should say uh Russian uh imports uh
crude imports especially for December uh
quite substantially. Uh Chinese refiners
a little bit less. So Chinese
independent refiners is some of them
like the smaller ones teapotss uh are
not that afraid of secondary US
sanctions and continue to buy. But all
in all uh this is a little bit of a
different picture from what we have seen
in previous rounds of western sanctions
whether they were the EU packages or US
sanctions uh in that we see a much more
cautious stance from um from the Chinese
and Indian refiners and even on the
product side Brazil which is a major
importer of Russian diesel um looks to
have stepped back in recent weeks
instead pivoting to buying uh the
product from uh the US and and the
Middle East and and so on. So, um I
think the US sanctions on Ros and Liu
Coyle uh are could be a little bit of a
gamecher and then uh the US squashing um
Gun War's bid to buy Liu Coil's overseas
assets. Most of them are upstream, a
little bit downstream, um is also
causing uh concerns over disruption,
especially in the um Iraqi field where
Liu Coil uh pumps about close to half a
million barrels per day. uh there's a
bit bit of a question mark on on the
continuation of operations there. So um
I think the market is in that situation
where you know it's an ongoing
recalibration but um very little to take
uh from um the past 3 years experience
of uh workarounds.
So, how do you balance then those those
disruption risks against also this
really fascinating report from the IEA
talking about oil consumption, how it
could keep growing until the end of the
decade.
>> Yeah, we so we're changing track
completely now. Uh so we were talking
about short-term to medium-term to very
very long-term which has my god it's
it's far more murky than than any could
anyone anything I could think of in the
short to medium term. Um, and what
you're referring to, of course, is the
the biggest takeaway for the oil market
from the IEA's long-term outlook report
that came out, uh, world energy outlook
that came out yesterday, uh, is that the
IEA has, uh, made quite a a big, um,
pivot from its uh, call for a 2030 oil
demand peak uh, and reinstating a
current policy scenario uh, which the
market uh, players see as perhaps the
most pragmatic, perhaps the most
probable uh to unfold in which it sees
oil demand rising all the way to the
middle of the century close to liquids
demand close to 119 million barrels per
day uh as opposed to well below 100
million barrels per day that it had seen
in sort of more aspirational scenarios.
So uh I think the market will will be
trying to wrap its head around uh these
uh scenarios. It has become
progressively difficult to to try and
predict anywhere beyond the next 6
months let alone next 10 20 years.
>> Yeah, I will just correct myself there
Vanna. I said IA saying oil consumption
to keep growing until the end of the
decade is 2050 as you say.
>> Yeah certainly it's interesting Vana
when you talk about where prices are
going to be because when you think about
the WTI promp spreads for example it was
briefly actually turned into contango
which is a signal of bearishness. What
are we looking like for the next maybe 3
to six months? Is it is it rangebound?
What what range are we talking about
now?
>> Yeah. So the the contango uh is related
to what the market sees as or decides
finally uh as the ex uh as the amount of
uh over supply and uh we have seen the
front end of that curve flip between
slight backwardation and contango. The
important thing is the contango hasn't
stuck. Uh which then again goes back to
the to the point I mentioned at the
outset which is that the market is
really undecided. It's become harder uh
to decide between uh you know this the
the opposing forces of a lot of Russian
oil uh looking like it's getting
stranded. Yes, it's it's translating
into a lot of oil on water but that's
your paradox there for you. It's it's is
it locked out of the market because of
the sanctions? So it's become hard to
say. My uh base case remains uh a slight
uh surplus of course through this
quarter and going into next quarter. We
may see continued flirting uh of the
forward curve with contango but I don't
expect a a deep contango. The shipping
market the what you're paying for
freight uh or ships uh is also not
supporting the storing of oil on water.
>> All right, Vanana, thanks very much for
joining us this morning. That was Vanana
Hari there, founder of Vander Insights.
And we'll have more ahead as including
what's happening with Samsung or
Samsungite shares this morning because
we are seeing them absolutely surging
just an early trade but it has been a
strong earnings period for that company
and also we got an upgrade uh for the
business as well from Jeff. So more
ahead this is Bloomberg.
Well, in some world news this morning,
Democrats are again pressing [music]
President Trump on his ties to convicted
sex trafficker Jeffrey Epstein,
highlighting emails that suggest the
president knew of Epstein's activities.
A congressional [music] committee
released 20,000 pages of documents,
including emails that appear to allege
that Trump spent hours in a house with
one [music] of Epstein's victims. Trump
posted on True Social that Democrats are
trying to bring up what he calls a hoax
to deflect from the government shutdown.
Meanwhile, House Speaker Mike Johnson
says a vote will happen [music] next
week on legislation to compel the
Justice Department to release files on
Epstein.
Taiwan's government says it's
considering using [music] semiconductor
export curbs as a diplomatic tool. The
foreign minister says Taipei hopes
[music] not to weaponize chips, but may
active nations harm its interests. It's
a sign that Taiwan has [music] not
completely abandoned a tool that briefly
threatened to deploy that it briefly
threatened to deploy this year against
South Africa. [music]
China's US soybean purchases purchases
appear to have stalled despite the
recent [music] trade truce. Traders say
no new shipments have been booked and
analysts expect demand to stay soft.
That's after China stocked up on cheaper
South American beans. US cargos also
remain more expensive and still face a
13% [music] tariff, leaving crushers
little incentive to book near-term
volumes.
All right, checking markets here right
now. Samsonite and the like earnings
coming through here. Um when it comes to
Samsonite, there you go. That pop,
massive one of 19%. So, uh, there is,
uh, the likes of Jeffrey's upgrade
luggage maker to buy from the hold. So,
they're talking about positive outlook
for the fourth quarter. Solid travel
demand. Certainly, we've been seeing it
here in Hong Kong as well. 10-centent
music, that was the one that was a bit
of a miss there as well. Uh, let's skip
Ride. We're talking about SJM. That was
the one actually that had a a miss as
well. That stock also falling
substantially. If we can actually fix
that here right now, in terms of Wingley
Development, this is one stock we're
talking very closely here as well. So
they are working when it comes to CL
when it comes to ESS that buzzword again
energy storage. Uh there you go you see
Wingley development up close to 5%. We
mentioned last night the kind of the the
transfer was really people buying metals
uh buying treasuries and selling oil.
Take a look how gold prices are and
where these miners are doing here right
now. There you go. All up this morning.
This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back to the China show. A look
at the HSI half hour into the session.
[music] It is Thursday and we are
continue to see just modest declines
here right now. There's not a whole lot
of conviction in these markets here.
[music] Yes, the the news that we got in
the last hour was that we are setting
the stage for the US government to of
course reopen after the longest shutdown
uh in history. In this hour, we're
expected to see President Trump sign
that bill, which officially confirms the
rebooting of the the government. But
yes, as we talk about still a lot of
uncertainty when it comes to, you know,
how quickly people can get back to work,
how quickly air, you know, traffic can
be resumed, and of course, when we can
get key data.
>> Yeah, absolutely. Will we ever get some
key data is another question. But you
mentioned that sort of lack of
uncertainty or conviction. I mean,
you've seen that very much expressed in
trading volumes today because pretty
much across the board and definitely in
Hong Kong, uh, you're pretty far off
what would you'd see on a on a 20-day
moving average basis. But looking across
the markets, there's another key thing
that we're tracking, and that's very
much the earnings one. So, you got all
of these companies on tap later today.
10 cent actually is a really interesting
play because it's sort of being seen as
as one of the sort of
better AI beneficiaries. Yes, Alibaba
gets all the headlines in China, but
Tencent is also building out its AI
tools. It's got a lot of consumers well
data as well to develop those. SMIC a
key name to track of course has been one
of the big beneficiaries in that move to
self-reliancy in China in the
semiconductor space. Earnings as well
overnight and we're actually getting
some reaction. I mean, Samsonite, for
instance, really surging.
>> Yeah, looking pretty good. Jeffreey's
getting an upgrade to a buy now on the
back of this kind of solid travel demand
that you're seeing that uh they're being
rewarded from investors. They were up
18% uh for Samson tonight. When it comes
to SJM, that's the another story here
because what they said in the earnings
in the third quarter, revenue did miss
estimates. city maintained that sell
rating of course uh on the casino
operator and they're saying there's
continued market erosion here with the
absence of meaningful progress updates
for SJM tens of music also heading lower
by 12% here this morning uh we're
watching oil plays as well given the
drop in oil that we saw uh we are kind
of holding on I guess to some of those
losses there we're seeing that extend
when it comes to Shanghai futures here
this morning crude which is down some 4%
uh on the back of what we heard from the
OPEC plus as well right? Changing their
market view and really seeing now a
supply glut versus a deficit. Uh that
IEA report is going to be quite telling
later on today as well. And we're
watching how the Asia side of things
looks, right? We talked about how things
are not that I guess um I guess risk
risky or people not willing to take
these risky bets. Asia Pacific, you
know, we're pretty much flat right now.
US futures though are slightly perking
up though on the back of course news.
But Taiwan, I mean, even the Cosby, they
they reopened, I mean, an hour late um
because of exams. We're not seeing that
much appetite there today, too.
>> No, but to your point around US assets,
we have sort of seen a reversal of some
earlier losses and S&P 500 futures and
that's as we await uh President Trump
set to to sign that stop gap funding
measure later this hour to reopen the
federal government. Let's go to
Washington for an update from our
Congress reporter, Alysia Diaz. Alysia,
thanks very much for joining us this
evening, your time. But let's get
started here because we're expecting
President Trump to sign this bill. What
happens next exactly?
>> So, this is, you know, finally the end
of this long hard-fought battle between
the Democrats and Republicans um to get
their policy priorities in place and to
um finally end this historic government
shutdown. Uh but it will take some time
for some of these consequences that have
occurred because of the shutdown to be
put back in place. Um it sounds like
possibly weeks before air travel is back
to what it used to be, but airlines are
optimistic that that will be returned to
normal um by the Thanksgiving holiday.
So, it will take some time to completely
get back to normal, but um this is all
of course moving in the right direction
and um finally putting some type of end
to to all of this um chaos.
>> Can you tell us I mean for I guess from
markets the key thing is data, right? Uh
we heard from the White House saying you
know we might not even get October data
ever. I mean what are some of the kind
of constraints that we might be dealing
with for the next few weeks?
with um that possibility of of never
getting the um October um and some of
the data that was set to come out during
the shutdown. Um and it remains to be
seen, you know, what's what's ending
what's going to happen um over the next
coming weeks and months. Um it sounds
like there will be some sort of an
adjustment period before we get back to
normal, so to speak. Um, so without a
doubt, there's going to be some
continued uncertainty for the markets um
before they get back to the slew of data
and coming that they're used to.
>> Something that's been a big, I guess,
distraction as well over the past few
hours at least, but clearly prior to
that, is is the release of more Epstein
emails that that seem to to place
President Trump in in Epstein's house
with one of his victims. I mean that's
of course the the allegation at this
stage but how is that also going to
complicate matters over the coming days
or weeks.
>> So we also have this uh discharge
petition that is set to be signed by the
house. Um we had the final sneige signed
into Congress today um Representative
Grialba um and she really pushed that
through the door and Speaker Mike
Johnson said he's set to bring it to the
floor um over the next couple of days.
Um but as you said at the same time
there's been a slew of emails already
being released by some of these
congressional committees. Um this
information is sort of trickling out
regardless um as part of the the
thorough legal process. And so, um, this
will be mostly a sort of a political,
um, test for Republicans on if they're
willing to, um, succumb to the, you
know, push for transparency, as they
say, or if it may put them in a tricky
position, um, regarding the allegations
with with the president as well.
>> All right, Alicia, thank you. Alicia
Diaz there, a Bloomberg reporter,
joining us out of DC this evening as we
wait, of course, that bill to be signed
by President Trump this hour. Uh looking
at FX markets, it really has been sort
of that bid for the dollar that we're
still tracking here today. That carry
trade seems to be going on for another
day. But take a look at what we saw
overnight, right? We did see dollar yen
briefly touch 155. That brings us back
to levels we haven't seen since
February. And you did see some I guess
you could say verbal sort of uh
intervention to kind of talk down dollar
yen, but it hasn't really quite worked
right of late. Uh Corey Juan as well.
We've been seeing quite a bit of
weakness there. We're just around that
1470 level here this morning. Let's
bring in our chief Asia FX and rates
correspondent Ruth Carson. She joins us
from Singapore. Uh Ruth, yeah, dollar
yen at 155 level, you know, I think a
year ago would have sparked a lot of
intervention talk. Uh what's expected
this time around?
>> Yeah, it's incredible to think where
dollar yen is, you know, considering the
Bank of Japan has been raising interest
rates and the Fed has been cutting too.
But it really sends a strong signal. The
macro markets community is sending a
very strong signal on Japan. The Bank of
Japan may not be raising interest rates
quickly enough. Now considering
inflation has obviously been well above
the central bank's target. Um currencies
are always a release valve when there
are pressures in the market. So that's
exactly what we're seeing right now.
Yvon, you pointed out dollar yen at 155
overnight. It's come down a little bit,
but still these are levels that are
incredibly elevated considering where
rate differentials are. And let's not
forget August last year, it was at 16195
when we saw that huge meltdown um from
the yen carry trade. 155 is not entirely
too far away from that level.
>> Let's also talk about another currency
that's weak in Asia, and that's the
South Korean one. Of course, you're
looking at the lowest levels since
around 2009 or approaching those. But
what does that mean then for the BOK and
and their capacity to protect the
currency as well?
>> Absolutely. And we know that there's a
ton of pressure as well from trade
tensions through to the $350 billion
investment pledge that Soul has given to
Washington as part of trade
negotiations. Now, all of this is
weighing on the one. The one is very
much a risk-sensitive currency. As soon
as the Asian trading day opens, um the
one is closely watched as a barometer
for sentiment. And if you look at where
dollar one is trading at the moment,
1470 or so, uh certainly showing
pressure showing negative sentiment
towards South Korea and again currencies
are a release valve. So we we will most
likely be able to continue to see um
potentially speculative attacks on the
one and also just pressure uh selling
pressure on the on the pair.
>> Yeah. I mean Japan's in that same
position, right? That $550 billion
pledge that they have for US investments
which is I think what half of their
reserves. So Ruth, it begs the question,
if we do see sort of some intervention
in Japan, for example, how effective is
it going to be given the fact that
Takayichi has talked about their her
plans for fiscal expansion?
>> Absolutely. And this is the tussle that
I think is playing out uh in in global
markets. On the one hand, you're right,
we're seeing lots of intervention, jaw
boning, right? We're watching the yen
with urgency. Um currency traders, we're
watching you. um be careful of what
you're doing with Japan's currency. But
if you look at where the currency is
traded versus dollar 154 155 on any
given day, it's you know how effective
is it it is is up for debate because
you're right when you look at the bigger
picture here. Takayichi has said that
she wants Japan to grow and there are
fiscal expansion plans. So when you take
the longer term view, um inflation's
just going to be higher and the Bank of
Japan is likely not raising interest
rates as quickly as markets want. And if
that's the case, rate differentials will
still be in play majorly, which means
more pressure still on the yen.
>> Ruth, thanks for that uh those insights
there. That was our Bloomberg chief Asia
FX and rates correspondent Ruth Carson
in Singapore. And shifting now to to
what is a very big day for China
earnings because you got 10 cent leading
the pack. AI investments and gaming
ventures going to be under scrutiny.
JD.com also set to report with food
delivery losses in the spotlight and
analysis we've got coming up with
Bloomberg Intelligence. So more details
on that ahead. You're watching the China
Show.
>> [music]
>> taking a look across assets this
morning, you're seeing [music] some mix
mixed moves rather in in Asia stocks so
far. Uh the broad tilt is is fairly
steady actually. We had a very subdued
session [music] on Wall Street
overnight. Investors are cautious
because not only is there a lack of
data, you're also anticipating key
earnings in China as well. 10 cent,
JD.com, just some of the names on tap
for today. But let's also shift now uh
to the eco outlook and bring in Ethan
Hoo. She's regional chief investment
officer and head of APAC macroeconomics
at UBS Global Wealth Management. So,
Ephan, great to see you in studio this
morning. Let's let's talk about 2026. I
mean I feel like the year has just sort
of flown by and we're already
forecasting. So So what are you talking
with with clients about right now?
>> Yeah, I think that's the most interested
question now. I think that for 2025 if
we see the China's GDP growth like we
think we will end up with like 4.9% to
5%. So for the next year we think the
government could set up the target
between like a 4.5% to uh 5%. So in our
view if without like a major stimulus so
the GDP could reach around 4.5%. So we
we will have probably lower for the
first half the high for the second half.
>> How significant would that be lowering
at least or at least that range when it
comes to that growth target for next
year?
>> I think this year is around 5%. So I
think if it's end up with 4.9% so it's
also hit the target. So it's possible
for them to give a range rather than say
around 5% again. So because like the
next year could be lower unless the
government like wants to put the major
stimulus but we think the chance is not
very high. So I think they would rather
put like a range maybe more comfortable
like for like everyone.
>> So not not major stimulus that's that's
more of the the fiscal side. What about
the monetary policy side? uh monetary
policy side I think we'll still keep
easing and keep accommodative and we
still expect like a 50 to 100 bips of
the cut by the end of the 2026 and also
maybe 20 to 30 bips of the like the
interest rate cuts because given our CPI
inflation is still pretty low.
>> What are you expecting to be kind of the
bigger drags next year? Is it the export
side of things is going to be a bit
softer than this year that has been
quite resilient and are we just not
expecting any sort of meaningful
recovery in the consumer
>> for the consumer side I think the yeah
we think it still will be like between 3
to 5% we didn't see like
too much highlights about that uh I
think the but the major driver should be
still for the industry output side
industry product because like AI I uh
AIdriven applications and also with like
uh this kind of advanced manufacturing
and possibly like we call the new
productivity growth. So I think that
will probably leading the driver. On the
other side for the energy side, I think
that especially this year we see for the
energy reserves like a new energy and
also uh for this kind of the high
voltage like uh electricity like
transmission that's all could become
like a new like highlights but for the
consumption side I think it will be uh
in my view will be h I could call it
stable but will not be like very strong
uh property will still be the drag but
we don't think the government will too
much efforts on that. So we will just
let it go unless it's have the cliff the
drop but that's the chance also small.
>> Picking up on that theme around uh
increasing automation you were just
referencing there how does that also
impact the the jobs outlook and and the
employment outlook as well.
um in this sense I think for the AI
application so like one side of course
like more jobs may be taken by the
machine but at the same time we think
maybe service sectors still have the
chances and also with like a new applied
like a services sectors maybe there's
some like more like we call the
experience exposure like a services
sector come out like uh uh that's more
like a digitized and also with like um
this kind of more entertaining or like
even with a more created like a more
serviceoriented like job opportunities
but still I think that it's a still a
pressure
>> and and you guys upgraded Chinese tech
just a few weeks ago and and saying it's
probably the most preferred right uh
most attractive here right now how how
are you looking at this rally around AI
and the like now and how do you position
around it for next year
>> I think that for this year AI already
rallied for two years like last year
this year especially for this year
almost over 30%. But I think the think
about it for this all these kind of a
big platforms very similar to the US
like me 7 I think they just started uh
because like one side I think that their
valuation still relatively low like 30
to 30% of discount comparing with the US
peers and the second I think for the
China the AI investment is still like a
capex uh is still increasing like
similar to the US and also third I think
it's a very a little bit different from
like the US side. I think the China is
more like a ecosystem. So I think that
with this kind of ecosystem with a basic
research like then the AI then AI
application with this ecosystem could
like the spillover effect we think it
could be bigger.
>> One of the sort of issues I guess around
the AI application side is sometimes low
barriers to entry.
What are the what are the sectors that
you look at in terms of that AI theme in
particular as being a bit more
resilient? I guess
>> I think the AI theme will range you from
the low end to the high end. So if the
we can like AI app applied like advanced
manufacturing and new materials and also
healthcare I think it's booming because
of the AI like the application and we
also say could see AI applied to maybe
like era space and also uh some like
many like uh new fields I think just
like uh speed up the exploration and
also like innovation. Mhm.
>> What are some of the key themes you're
watching out? I mean for the fourth
quarter because I think there's been a
lot of allocation into domestic tech
already especially you take a look at
how institutional investors are kind of
positioning. Do you think that this is
extreme levels when you talk about fund
concentration now? And and you know
we've already started to see some
rotation out of tech.
>> Can that continue in the fourth quarter?
Uh yes I think that it started with the
tech and also like uh yeah the
concentration se we think the tech still
have the loom but we also see it's
applied to other sectors as well like
gradually for example we think that this
year it's also very shiny sector is for
the energy reserves because now by now
for the new energy already supply 35% of
the China's like a total energy supply
so I think that's like a a very like
significant number and we also see like
Maybe the health care will benefit
because they their price has been low
and could benefit like maybe with this
kind of application and for the
consumption side yeah that side is uh
it's we have the new consum new
consumption but too high and it's it's
not easy but I think that we still have
this kind of the uh the like the new
materials and we also see for the sector
like uh booming out and also the AI is
not only the software ware and also have
the hardares but of course most sectors
most companies are in the A-listed so
that's reason we also think the ashares
and could also uh could slightly uh
better perform than each year next year
because with all these kind of the like
hardwares
>> so that's that's the equity side what
about the fixed income side what are
your preferences there
>> uh for the fixed income side because we
still expect like for the interest rate
will go down so I think the like uh for
the bond side I think it's uh not very
attractive but the existing bond of
course like I think I still like have
the uh the the gain.
>> Uh the PBC is buying bonds again right?
>> Oh yeah that's true.
>> Is that likely to be more measured this
time around? I think yeah PBOC and also
I think the PBC also I think this year
we also say for the companies actually
issue like Chinese uh like for the CNY
bonds like in in Hong Kong. So I think
the government like PBC by bonds I think
it's more like keep the monetary um they
call it they they don't call it
quantitative easing but I think it's
more like a provide the liquidity
adjustment of the liquidity pro like
provision in the market.
>> Leon thank you Leon who there a regional
chief investment officer and head of
APAC macroeconomics at UBS global wealth
management. We got plenty more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
We're coming back with some breaking
news here. Japan's exchange is looking
at ways to curb crypto hoarding firms.
Now just to set the context here, a
crypto hoarding firm or a digital asset
treasury company is a public company
that strategically acquires and holds
digital assets like cryptocurrencies on
its balance sheet as a primary business
function. So sort of built in the mold
you can say of Michael Sailor's Strategy
Inc. uh that's fallen sharply over the
past few months. So what Japan Exchange
Group now is looking at measures to
limit the growth of these so-called
digital asset treasury companies. That's
according to sources, but concerns are
certainly deepening over losses
connected to this frenzy. It is an
important backdrop to note as well
because you have seen stock exchanges in
Hong Kong across the Asia- Pacific
resisting efforts to set up new digital
asset treasury companies or so-called
DATs. But in contrast, Japan's actually
listed 14 or has 14 listed Bitcoin
buyers and that is the most in Asia
according to some data that we also have
in this exclusive reporting that's just
coming out. So, you're seeing Japan
exchange there just a bit under
pressure. But let's also get to some
other global news that we're tracking
this morning because Taiwan's government
says it's considering using [music]
semiconductor export curbs as a
diplomatic tool. The foreign minister
says Taipei [music] hopes not to
weaponize chips, but may active nations
harm its interests. It's a sign that
Taiwan [music] has not completely
abandoned a tool that it briefly
threatened to deploy this year against
South Africa.
China's US soybean purchases appear to
have stalled. That's [music] despite
recent trace a recent trade truce.
Traders say no new shipments have been
booked and analysts expect demand to
stay soft after China stocked up on
cheaper South American beans. US [music]
cargos also remain more expensive and
still face a 13% tariff. That leaves
crushers little incentive to book
[music] near-term volumes. All right,
we're take a look at when it comes to
Yes. Thirsty Thursday maybe we to call
it. Yeah, talk about the beer makers
here. Asahi Group coming up with their
October beer [music] sales in Japan
actually was down less than 10%. So
maybe I don't know, the market [music]
is taking it not as bad as what they
expected given the fact that this cyber
attack recently that did their
systems and they did talk about
shipments currently [music] at just 10%
of normal levels. But maybe, you know,
you see the likes of competitors like
Kieran coming out with numbers where
beer sales were up 19%. they [music] are
in some ways seizing that opportunity uh
here right now. In terms of the energy
space, we're watching of course how
they're fairing all lower here this
[music] morning in Asia. Of course,
after that dip uh when it comes to crude
here, that long awaited surplus is it
finally arrived. This is Boomer.
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading to [music] that lunch break
in just a moment and we're watching very
closely. Of course, uh right now when it
comes to stocks, we're not seeing that
much appetite, although the topics is a
little bit better. We're up about 610 of
1%. It's all about the FX markets though
that we saw overnight, right? That
dollar bid big continues for another
day. We briefly touched that 155 level
for dollar yen. We've come off that just
slightly here. Uh but we were just
talking to Ruth Carson, right? The the
the risk of intervention this time
around is a little bit different given
the fact last year, you know, it it was
more about intervention here at a time
when yeah, the BOJ was ready to hike
rates. This time around, it's a little
bit less certain given the fact that we
have a new government and a prime
minister that really called rate hikes
stupid.
>> Yes, exactly. I mean that's
>> turned down of late but
>> has toned down. That's right. And then
certainly wary of spooking markets I
guess. But one of the sort of litness
tests like is going to be that that
5-year auction coming up later today as
well because we've got Japan preparing
to sell 5-year debt a day after you had
some members advising the prime minister
that Japan or suggesting that Japan
should spend more than it did last year
on its upcoming economic package. So
that's also something in focus. But
sticking with Japan because we've just
had a scoop coming out in the past few
minutes. uh we've learned uh around the
Japan exchange group.
>> Yeah, we'll get a little bit more on
that story coming up here and how
they're [clears throat] trying to limit
this whole sort of crypto hoarding sort
of frenzy, right? Um we were checking in
terms of earnings, right? What comes
next? 10 cent, JD.com, those are the
next ones in line here in terms of the
China tech uh space as well, right?
Tencent. We were just discussing really
how it it is in relatively speaking the
more defensive play I guess in the China
tech space given the fact that you know
their core business is still games a
little bit more insulated from what
price wars tariffs like that.
>> It's it's so fascinating actually
because Alibaba always grabs the
headlines for sort of being the AI star
in in China but actually 10 cent is a
company. It's building out its AI
efforts. It's got a trove of consumer
data that it can pull upon as well. But
this is what we're seeing from analysts
and their expectations around net income
growth.
>> Yeah. For more, of course, we got our
team to talk us through Tencent, talk us
through JD. We have Bloomberg
Intelligence senior analysts Robert Lee
and Katherine Lim to tell us about what
they expect here as well. Robert, I'll
start with you on Tencent. What what's
expected this time?
>> Well, I think the graphic you've just
put up says everything. you know,
consensus estimates up around 5% with
substantial downgrades across the
e-commerce space. So again, as you said,
you know, what would 10 cents tagline
be? Defensive growth. It's the, you
know, it's a leader in many of its end
markets. It's a high margin business.
It's well diversified. And ultimately,
if I was going to use a dog analogy,
they're like the black Labrador. They're
the German Shepherd. They are loyal,
they're reliable, they're defensive, and
they deliver. So, um, you know, they
should report solid numbers tonight. Uh,
in terms of their Q3 numbers, the risk
of a negative surprise, famous last
words, is fairly minimal. Um, but yeah,
they they're not exposed to some of the
ongoing weakness we're seeing in other
sectors of the market, particularly food
delivery, which they have a minimal or
almost non-existent exposure to.
E-commerce, again, they're more of a
payments platform on that side, so they
benefit from the transactions going
through. And as you've said, you know,
they are the world's leading video games
company. They're a ubiquitous part of
life in China with their WeChat super
app. Um, and their AI strategy finally
is is sensible. It's pragmatic. They're
they're applying AI to realize synergies
and cost savings within their business
internally as opposed to Alibaba which
is more focused on external customers
which exposes Alibaba to the external
market forces uh cost pressure, pricing
pressure uh and margin pressure. So you
know compare and contrast uh 10 cent is
you know a mutual fund manager's uh
favorite for obvious reasons.
>> Yeah, that's interesting. I guess how
they're using AI, but but what about the
the gaming outlook in general? Because
that's very cyclical in in nature, and
we were sort of expecting maybe a a
slowdown in in in gaming a few months
ago. It doesn't seem to have transpired
as much.
>> Um I I would say I mean that that's
their cash cow business because the
margins are very high again uh
reflecting their market leadership and
they've got a broad portfolio of titles
which are you know consistently strong.
So yes, there's been some slowdown in
that side of the business, but the real
standout in gaming this year has been
our overseas games. So particularly uh
the likes of Brawl Stars, which is a
smash it, particularly with my daughter,
um um sorry, just a name checker there.
She'll like that. [laughter] Apologies.
Sorry.
>> Name drop.
>> Yeah, name drop. Um twice. I did it
twice there. But anyway, back to the
script. Um so yeah, Brawl Stars is a
real smash hit and 10 cent is a major
shareholder in Supercell. So it's their
overseas business that's been doing
extremely well and you know underpins
the strength in in that business.
>> Katherine, I don't know if you saw that
graphic just now, right? What analysts
are expecting a 77.6%
drop in net income growth year
for the quarter. When it comes to
JD.com, you have the likes of Morgan
Stanley saying winter is coming. Is
winter coming for JD?
>> Well, do you know what uh winter is
here? If you think about how Metoan
during um the last quarter results,
they've already gone out and told
everyone that they are ready to sink
into losses for the first time for their
core local commerce business, which is
essentially delivery. And you know, just
to highlight food delivery, it's no
longer about food. It's about everything
that can be delivered to your house like
whether it's 30 minutes or under, you
know, 10 minutes for some. That's what
the e-commerce companies are doing right
now to try and actually get consumers to
actually consume more in new scenarios
in China. So that's going to eat into
their margins. Um you know we've
actually seen those numbers comes down
very hiftly um not just for JD.com for
Mtoan for Alibaba's um e-commerce as
well. And really I think the
million-dollar question is that you know
have we seen the worst of it?
>> Have we have we seen the worst of it? I
mean what's going to be sort of the
gauge on that and and it's it's not just
the domestic competition it's also that
spending on on the the buildout of the
platform abroad.
>> Yeah and I was waiting for that
question. um you know I think um you
know depending and I really don't think
that you know at this stage any of these
companies will be able to actually tell
you and guide for 2026 because there's a
lot of moving factors including the
reality that you know general
consumption in China is still fairly
lackluster and what they are essentially
doing is also trying to actually
stimulate consumption um you know within
the economy itself so they're still
again coming up with new businesses um
to try and stir things um you know
within the country going overseas itself
you know spot on you know for JD.com
we're looking at them acquiring C
economy in Europe and we're really going
to see how they're going to leverage on
that to actually try to grow their
overseas business which similarly to
Mtoan Skita do you know um you know they
will likely be incurring more costs
rather than revenue so that's going to
actually weigh on their profits
Yeah, I guess some near-term drags
there. Well, that was our Bloomberg
Intelligence senior analyst Katherine
Lim there in Singapore and Robert Lee as
well here in the studio covering the
outlook for 10 cent. And uh subscribers
can actually turn to the terminal for
more on 10 cents upcoming earnings
because we have a tea live kicking off
at 4:30 p.m. local time in Hong Kong
today. Uh TIG go is your function for
the latest updates plus commentary and
analysis from our expert editors.
>> Yep. And we're talking I can't look at
it comes to Japan markets, right? Um
we're on break right now, but we saw
this big move just a few minutes ago.
Shares in the Bitcoin treasury company
Metaplanet are down some 7 and a half%.
Now that's after this report. Bloomberg
has learned that the Japan Exchange
Group is considering measures to limit
the growth of listed digital asset
treasury companies as concerns deepen
over losses connected to the crypto
hoarding frenzy. For more on this, let's
bring in uh the sorry the author that
broke this uh story here, Alice French,
our Japan stocks reporter. Uh very
interesting uh scoop here. Tell us a bit
more about what's being considered right
now, what they're trying to achieve.
>> Yeah. Hi. So, so basically what we
understand is that there are some
jitters uh within Japan Exchange about
these so-called digital asset
treasuries, right? Or DATs as they're
being called. So these are companies
that kind of following in the footsteps
of of strategy uh run by Michael Sailor
in the states who have basically started
hoarding cryptocurrencies on their
balance sheet. Um in Japan, you know,
the biggest example of that is
MetaPlanet which which used to be a
hotel operator and now has over 30,000
Bitcoin. Um so we understand that that
JPX is looking into potentially kind of
um a more strict application of their
rules around backdoor listings also
potentially uh you know requiring such
companies that want to shift their main
business operations from things like
hotels to things like buying Bitcoin.
They might have to go through another
audit which of course is is lengthy and
potentially expensive. Um and that also
there might be some new restrictions
coming in on on how much they can fund
raise and how they can use those
proceeds. So we're really feeling some
kind of nervousness around this sort of
quite new industry. And this is after a
lot of the companies in this emerging
sector have seen their share prices dip
a lot since the summer. There was kind
of a rush to to buy crypto after you
know Trump came in in the US and his
kind of pro- crypto policies all of
those tailwinds. And then sort of from
midsummer onwards we have seen somewhat
of that bubble bursting. I think
Metaplanet for example down over 70%
since June um after really really
booming earlier in the year and and yeah
we're just kind of we're hearing that
there are some concerns amongst
regulators around how to how to sort of
regulate this this new industry going
forwards.
>> Yeah, I'm curious why you think Japan's
taken a more relaxed attitude to to
these so-called DATs. I mean they really
stand out in in the Asia region and also
if you could just maybe clarify a little
bit for us what's the difference between
a DAT and a simple crypto ETF.
>> Yeah it's interesting right and and just
a few weeks ago we had actually written
kind of more broadly that the other
exchanges across the Asia Pacific have
as you say including Hong Kong have been
taking a slightly stricter approach. Um
our understanding is basically that you
know the the exchanges approach here is
that as long as you disclose what you're
doing. Um you know listed companies are
pretty much have a free reign as long as
shareholders approve of course. Um but
but the this regulation this kind of
potential crackdown has been accelerated
by the shareholder losses. Now you bring
up ETFs there. I think Japan is a a
particularly interesting case because
there are not uh crypto ETFs here yet.
And that means that you know if you're
just an individual shareholder um and
you want to get exposure to to Bitcoin
or other crypto one way to do so is
through the stocks of these listed
companies. Um also direct holdings of
crypto here are taxed very highly. The
capital gains tax can be up to 55%
whereas if you for example hold it in
your taxfree Nissa account you know
stocks of these companies it's it's a
great way to get in on that crypto boom.
And so I do think Japan is a sort of
interesting outlier but but seems like
it's kind of now uh coming into step
with what's happening across the rest of
the region.
>> Alice great story there. Thank you so
much. Our Japan stocks reporter Alice
French joining us out of Tokyo. We got
plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
All right, checking the wand here this
morning. We were talking a little bit
more about, you know, it is set for one
of the [music] weakest uh levels since
2009. You start to see foreigners dump
uh the stocks in that in that market.
And right now we are hovering around th
those levels here this morning. We did
talk to the Bank of Korea governor. He
has signaled that while the central bank
remains in an easing cycle, the timing
and size of any future rate moves
depends on upcoming data. He spoke
exclusively with our inside anchor
Helena Amen in Singapore.
>> From a Bank of Korea's perspective, uh
we don't believe that the monetary
policy alone can control the housing
crisis. But on the other hand, we are
mindful that the ample liquidity
wouldn't uh throw the fire uh to the uh
real estate market there there you need
to coordinate. There are a lot of
government policy has to be coordinated
not in the short term but in longerterm
perspectives and I think government is
considering new supply uh uh policies
together with many other uh you know
policies. So we'll see how it's going to
affect. I don't think that uh it's going
to have a very short-term uh impact on
the uh price itself but at least I hope
to see the slowdown of the uh you know
rapid increase of housing prices in
metropolitan area. So rate cuts are
still on the table. Some say why?
Because when you take a look at GDP,
it's come in uh well higher than
expected and trade looks pretty
resilient. But at this moment given the
negative output gap still uh we our
official position is that you will
maintain the uh you know easing monetary
cycle but the magnitude and timing of
the cut or even the change of direction
will depends on the uh new data that
we'll see.
>> Deals have been surging to levels
perhaps that suggest that you know rate
cuts are no longer needed and perhaps
even a rate hike may be in the making.
Is the bond market are the bond traders
misguided in thinking that
>> at this moment our bond market yield
react not only to the domestic factors
but also global uh factors such as the
possibility of the uh US fat decision
and also the the dollar you know
strength. If the Fed does cut, does that
provide you enough, I guess, room
>> to cut your own rates?
>> In general, definitely the lower
interest rate in the United States will
give us some uh more room leeway for us
to have a more independent uh
multipolicy through the exchange rate
channel or through the you know, bond
market channels too. Despite that
resilience we see in the dollar, there's
been a lot of talk about debasement.
How um you know people around the world,
countries around the world are pulling
away from um US assets. Do you see
debasement happening? No actually I
think uh we have discussed this quite a
lot but actually if you look at the
actual capital flows in the last 6
months I don't see that there's a lot of
talk but there's no real movement away
from dollar
>> well that was the bank of governor bank
of Korea governor there speaking
exclusively with our bloom insight
anchor Hinder a min and I think it's
really interesting what he was saying
about the the steps that the UK is
willing to take to essentially defend
the currency. I mean, it's been under so
much pressure approaching its weakest
level since around 2009. And you were
just referencing earlier, it's also down
to foreigners looking to to essentially
offload some of their holdings.
>> Yeah, you've seen that really when it
came to some of those big mega cap names
like SKH High, like Samsung of late, and
it it does lead to a lot of questions
about the sustainability of course of
this whole AI trade when you're starting
to see volatility shoot up in Korea. Is
that a sort of canary in the in the mind
sort of uh signal there? It's
interesting this call from this soul
analyst that has a soul when it comes to
Samsung SK highness. We're talking about
Morning Star. Um and this is Jing Ju. So
he mentioned here expectations are so
high the drivers and all the catalysts
need to be right to go even higher is
very easy to disappoint. So, you know,
they're saying basically these stocks
are very vulnerable to sharp declines on
just minor setbacks, right? Any sort of
inkling of news could lead to, of
course, people pushing the sell button.
>> Yeah. And you're looking here at that
that amount of foreign pressure or
foreign selling pressure we've seen on
SKH Heinix in particular. It has been
really that darling because even though
you see Samsung playing catch-up and HBM
now SKHix has really been at the
forefront. I think what's interesting to
note though is yes, you've had those
impressive run-ups in both those
companies this year. They're still
looking cheap though when you compare
them to their counterparts in the US
because you've got Samsung trading at 11
times uh forward earnings. You've got
SKH High just eight times forward
earnings. But you compare that to to a
price to earnings ratio, you're looking
at 27 uh times for a for a gauge of
major US chip makers. So yeah, you've
had the runup, but still cheap. Yeah, I
I think maybe it's just profit taking
from foreign investors right now. We
just had that chart about them dumping
those stocks, right? In fact, you're
talking about when it comes to foreign
ownership of SKH Highix, that's actually
now down to the lowest level since May
according to data there. So, now there
are s some signs that maybe cracks are
forming when it comes to this. It's not
a one direction sort of thing anymore
because people are starting to really
sort of think uh how much this sort of
aggressive spending is really going to
bear some fruit.
>> Yeah, it's interesting actually when you
just talk about that profit taking. I
mean that was exactly the strategy we
were talking about with BMP Parabar
Asset Management in the last hour
because Mark Richards was talking to us
about how they they entered the Korea
market. They sold down their holdings
and they re-entered. So again, it is
that profit taking very much in play and
we're talking about it here on the show.
But anyway, uh let's shift on to some
corporate news we have this morning as
well because Jongji Inolite is said to
have picked banks including [music] CIC
and Goldman Sachs for a Hong Kong share
sale that could raise over $3 billion.
The optical device maker already trades
in Shenzhen where its stock has surged
300% this year. The company says it
plans to list [music] in Hong Kong,
though the size and timing are still
being finalized.
Bloomberg's been told that Chinese
discount online retailer VIP [music]
Shop is considering a Hong Kong listing
as soon as next year. Sources say it's
working with advisers on a potential
share sale, though the talks are [music]
ongoing and again may not lead to a
deal. VIP Shop's US listed shares were
up 47% [music]
this year, giving the company a market
cap of about $10 billion.
PonHis offered a rosy outlook for the
year ahead, [music] pointing to
artificial intelligence development as
its most important growth driver. That's
after [music] it reported a better
thanex expected 17% surge in September
quarter net income. The assembler of
Apple iPhones and other hardware also
expressed cautious optimism about
[music] a recovery next year in consumer
electronics. And indeed, you are just
seeing Honai trading a little bit to the
downside this morning, but we'll have
plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
Okay, good morning. Last week, San
[music] Francisco, Silicon Valley, then
on the weekend made it back to New York
City for the marathon to watch one of my
daughters run. So proud of her. And now
it's Tuesday morning. I'm in Hong Kong
on the cowoon mainland side and [music]
this town is not quite up this morning
but I think it's beginning to rise from
the challenges it's faced since co
business activity picking up IPO [music]
activity picking up and I of course have
a very busy day ahead speaking at a
conference seeing a bunch of friends
[music]
clients and colleagues see you
>> a John Gray thanks for the shout out
from Hong
>> [laughter]
>> I I don't know if you track him on
LinkedIn, right? He he has these crazy
these fun sort of videos of him running
around all around the world, different
cities, and really kind of talking about
each market, what he's excited about.
It's really created quite a following,
right? And you wonder why we're we're
showing it. It's that it's actually the
big take today. The story of them really
kind of transforming Blackstone in a way
from being something that's very
exclusive to maybe institutional
investors to something that's much more
bigger for everyone. and and trying to
be relatable is something that is is a
new approach from Gray.
>> Yeah, exactly. That that is exactly the
sort of theme and and and the challenge
that he's he's made for himself as well
because exactly to your point, they're
trying to to focus on those
institutional investors, but they're
also trying to broaden the appeal of
Blackstone to the retail crowd as well
because you don't just want those
institutions. You want you want it to be
a financial superstore essentially.
That's what we're calling it in this
story. But for the dentist, the lawyer,
the teacher next door as well. It is
though a it's a test essentially because
you can also risk backlash from pensions
and endowments by following this
strategy.
>> Well, it came on the back of what what
we saw from President Trump, right? This
this sort of executive order that was a
bit controversial allowing private
equity to actually reach millions of of
401ks, right? So, you know, that's why
they're kind of following this policy.
But you know for for Gray though the
vision he says runs deeper when he talks
about you know he really wants to create
Blackstone almost like a Walmart almost
like an Amazon where if it works for one
market why can't I do it for all
>> Yes.
>> right now.
>> Yeah. He kind of likens it I guess to
McDonald's in a way just because
McDonald's is doing well in the US.
There's no concern or there's nothing
you should be worried about if you see
McDonald's trying to take that strategy
and and to reach more markets.
>> I love I love what they say though,
right? like the he has to be able to
relate be relatable but not cheapen the
brand of Blackstone
>> that maybe deters a lot of these
institutionals and institutional
investors to you know work with them
right so it's a heavy it's a it's a
balance but I think he's making it fun
in I know some ways [music] right I love
that it was inspired because it it came
from him sending messages and videos to
his daughters first and then his team
said [music] look do it more for
everyone
>> you could be on to something here but
anyway that is the big take today
>> inspired my next
[laughter] Thanks.
>> Please get on LinkedIn for us. All
right, taking a look at the Hang in Day
as we go into break here. But that is it
for the China show this morning. Insight
with Hass Linda Amin is next.